[Chorus]
Don't call me again "Baby" (No!)
I'm not yours or anyone's, I'm only for myself
Don't call me again "Baby" (Yeh, eh)
You already know that I'm not even a little bit for you
Don't call me again "Baby" (Uh, uh, uh)
I'm not yours or anyone's, I'm only for myself
And don't call me again "Baby" (Eh!)
You already know that I'm not even a little bit for you
Yeh-eh, yeh-eh

[Verse 1]
Our relation is already dead
I'm sorry if it hurt you (Oh)
It wasn't me who decided
It was you who fucked it up
May our thing rest in peace (Wouh!)
You didn't break my heart, I already had it broken
That's why, I don't love you, nor do I hate you
Raising a bottle at your wake
I'm going out all night
Did you care for me? For that I thank you; hey
But I don't belong to you
Today I'm going to the water to see what I fish (Wouh!)
Baby, you're a delay
Put what you want on Facebook 'cause I will not pay attention to you
Back up, don't put your arm around me

[Chorus]
And don't call me again "Baby" (Uh, uh, uh)
I'm not yours or anyone's, I'm only for myself
And don't call me again "Baby" (Eh!)
You already know that I'm not even a little bit for you
Don't call me again "Baby" (Uh, uh, uh)
I'm not yours or anyone's, I'm only for myself
Don't call me again "Baby" (Eh!)
You already know that I'm not even a little bit for you
Yeh-eh, yeh-eh

[Verse 2]
Yeah, nobody called you, get the fuck outta here!
Today is night of antics, today is we go hard (Yeh!)
Wanna have fun? I have a shortcut for ya (Wouh!)
They're prescription a friend brought me; yeh, yeh (Rrrah!)
I never let it fall, hey (Hey!)
Go 'head, roll it up, and blaze it (Whoo!)
Whose fucking "baby"? That was yesterday (Prr), huh!
Sorry, you had to lose (Jeje, ey)
She saw me with another and got jealous (What?)
Tell me, mami, what bit you? (Wuh!)
Shit on your mother who bore you (Prr)
There's no way I'm getting back with you
What I want is perreo
I never back down especially for fuckin'
I don't see myself in a bad place
Fuck off whoever fucks with my party, eh

[Outro]
Fuck, man, don't turn off the perreo