[Intro: Frank Ocean]
I might
Empty my bank account
And buy that boy with a pipe
Buy that boy with a pipe
I might, I might
Empty my bank account
And buy that boy with a pipe
Buy that boy with a pipe
I might

[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Do you slide on all your nights like this?
Do you try on all your nights like this? (I might)
Put some spotlight on the slide
Whatever comes, comes through clear
Do you slide on all your nights like this?
Do you try on all your nights like this? (I might)
Put some spotlight on the side
And whatever comes, comes through clear (Uh)

[Verse 1: Frank Ocean]
All this jewelry ain't no use when it's this dark
It's my favorite part, we see the lights, they got so far
It went too fast, we couldn't reach it with our arms
Wrist on a wrist, a link of charms (Ooh, yeah)
Layin', we're still a link apart
It's like we could die here all young
Like we could dye hair all blonde, huh
If we could see in twenty twin
Twice we could see it 'til the end

[Verse 2: Quavo & Frank Ocean]
Put that spotlight on her face (Spotlight)
Put that spotlight on her face (
Ah, yeah
)
We gon' pipe up and turn up (Pipe up)
We gon' light up and burn up (Burn up)
Mama too hot like a (Like what?)
Mama too hot like a furnace (Furnace)
I got a hundred G's in my Goyard (G's)
My diamonds gon' shine when the lights dark (Shine)
You and I take a ride down the boulevard (Yeah)
And your friends really wanna break us apart
Good lord

[Verse 3: Offset]
(Offset) Good gracious (Hey)
Starin' at my diamonds while I'm hoppin' out a spaceship
Need your information, take vacation to Malaysia (Info)
You my baby, the paparazzi flashin' crazy (Flash)
She swallowed the bottle while I sit back and smoke gelato (Ah)
Walk in my mansion, twenty thousand paintin', Picasso (Hey)
Bitches be dippin', dabbin' with niggas like a nacho (Woo)
Took off her panties, diamonds dancin' like Rick Ricardo (Flash)
She havin' it, went to college, workin' on her bachelor (College)
I know you got a past, I got a past, that's in the back of us (Woo)
Average, I'ma make a million on the average (M's)
I'm ridin' with no brain, bitch, I'm out of it (Skrrt)

[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Do you slide on all your nights like this?
Do you try on all your nights like this? (I might)
Put some spotlight on the slide (Oh yeah)
Whatever comes, comes through clear (Yeah)
Do you slide on all your nights like this? (Yeah)
Do you try on all your nights like this? (Your nights, oh)
Put some spotlight on the side (Light on)
And whatever comes, comes through clear (Yeah)

[Outro: Frank Ocean]
I might
Empty my bank account (Oh)
And buy that boy with a pipe (Ooh, yeah, yeah)
Buy that boy with a pipe (Come on, yeah)
I might, I might (Come on, yeah, yeah, slide)
Empty my bank account (Oh, slide, yeah)
And buy that boy with a pipe (Slide, yeah)
(Do you slide on all your nights like this?)
Buy that boy with a pipe
I might