[Intro]
(
Helluva made this beat, baby
)

[Chorus]
These niggas prayed on my downfall (They what?)
These niggas prayed on my downfall (Who?)
On all ten, bitch, I stood tall (You did?)
Show these disloyal niggas how to ball

[Verse 1]
Go get a thermometer for the pot, I need this shit cooked right
Let's keep that water four hundred degrees Fahrenheit
You ever been inside a federal court room?
Nigga, you ever went to trial and fought for your life?
Bein' broke did somethin' to my spirit
Asked niggas to plug me, they act like they couldn't hear me
Look at me now, drivin' German engineering
You don't want your baby mama fucked, keep the ho from near me
Kilroy, 'member when I used to use your L's
To hit the road, hit the O and make them big boy sales?
Mu, 'member when you had them green things mailed?
With vacuum seals, tryin' not to have them green things smell?
Feds was on me, what you know about Related Through Money?
I don't know nothin', I just used to see 'em walk to the Coney
I fuck with bitches, my body count go from Pershing to Cody
Any further questions, you can take that up with the lawyer
My nigga Fenkell, J Money, Brightmo Lo, Project Joe
Will tell you every day before school I sold a half 'bow
How you think I won best dressed with no support?
And had them paid lawyers comin' in and out of court
Ayy, Dwan, though, ayy, Theo, ain't it a blessing?
We made it out Kentucky after all that happened?
After the pre-trials, after the status
After them impact statements, after the castle

[Verse 2]
Ayy, JR, nigga, ain't it a blessing?
We made it out of Lansing after all that happened? (We did that bitch, nigga)
After Michigan State, after Hubbard
When our mans told on us, them bands they took from us
Joy Road, bitch, but the money long as 6 Mile (Ah, ah, ah)
Brick Mile, knock your bitch down
Pick her up, knock her back down, pull her tracks out
Yes, I slap girl, yes, I slap dog, yes, I slap loud
Yes, I'll slap a pussy nigga if he act out (Fuck out of my face, nigga)
Yes, I caught cases on the road with them killers
Bro, kill me if I snitch 'cause if you snitch, I'm gon' kill you (Do it)
Spent a lot of time on that yard with them gorillas
Stood tall, did I let niggas ho me? Quit bein' silly
I know for a fact your bitch pussy get wet for a nigga (What's up?)
'Cause I do it better, plus I'm doin' better than niggas (What's up?)
I'm at home when I'm down there in Lexington, nigga
'Bout the king, they gon' drop you and who next to you, nigga (Go get 'em)
Unc said, "Lil T, get ahead of them niggas"
When you take off, don't look back and try to rescue them niggas (I got you)
You killed his mans? Then make sure you get the rest of them niggas (I got 'em)
Don't let them get the best of you, just get the revenue, nigga (Let's get it)
So let me know what you can handle (You ready?), okay, come grab it (Pull up)
Here go some extras, so if I'm busy you can manage
Fiends had me Blade dancin', eating sixty dollar salads
Get it there and back, tell the feds I need a challenge
My first offer was thirty years, not a day lower (Nigga, what?)
I told them crackers holler at me when they sober
On parole, I'm a felon, you think I ain't got that blower?
Yeah, you right, bro, take his head off his fuckin' shoulders
(Boom-boom-boom)
You hear me? Hit the Rollie store with the Rollie on (Let's go)
What was our getaway car? A Jag' Portfolio (Get in, we out)
You hear me? Ayy, I heard I had some sneak dissers
Whoever feelin' hot, that AR got a heat sensor (Brreuh)
Cuz said, "Don't entertain them hungry niggas"
I wish I would pay attention to these homeless niggas (Fuck them niggas)
Don't call my phone, I don't want to do no song with niggas (Who is this?)
And tell yo' bitch to tighten up before I bone her, nigga (I'm on my way)
I don't know you niggas, fuck wrong with niggas? (Who is them?)
Through these white buffs I can see the ho in niggas (That nigga pussy)
Free my nigga Parico, that boy be hoein' niggas (Free P)
Shoot the smile off your face, I don't joke with niggas (Nigga)
Boy, I can't trust you with that strap if you ain't got no bodies (What you doin' with that?)
Boy, I can't take you on no lick if you ain't robbed nobody (Drop dawg off)
You ain't no shooter, you can't do that shit without no molly
I came home and had the hoes wetter than Kalahari (Splash)
Thirty months ago, niggas ain't think that I was comin' home (Free them boys)
Shout out to them niggas' freaks that I been cummin' on
Get 'em to the crib, bust 'em down, now, bitch, run along (Said what you 'bout to do?)
This SK'll get to shakin' like there's somethin' wrong (Brrah)
Thirty bands two times, watch this money clone
The feds say my name hot like when the oven on
Bitch, I came home to my lil' brother gone
Niggas say they lookin' for me, pull up in the Skuddy zone
Who said I'm a snitch? You just heard a lie from him
Better check the black and white
That paperwork'll vouch for him
Zero toleration for that nigga, take his life from him
He don't want that pistol play? Okay, I'll Tyson him
I ain't hear from bitches when I had them blues on
So soon as I'm done fuckin', put your shoes on
I'm on parole in two states, I can't move wrong
The feds tryna build a case, I can't move wrong
I went to trial back to back, bitch, I'm 2-0 (I did)
State of Kentucky banned me from every jewelry store (I can't go in)
Say I can't even be in public with my hoodie on (Take that off)
Michigan State don't want him here, they don't know what he on

[Chorus]
I know they prayed on my downfall (I already know that)
I know they prayed on my downfall
On all ten, bitch, I stood tall (All ten toes, nigga)
Show these disloyal niggas how to ball, ah