[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home
Tell the world I'm comin' home
Let the rain wash away
All the pain of yesterday
I know my kingdom awaits
And they've forgiven my mistakes
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home
Tell the world I'm comin'

[Interlude: Diddy]
I'm back where I belong (Uh, yeah)
I never felt so strong, ayy (Yeah, I'm back, baby)
I'm feelin' like there's nothin' that I can't try (Uh, nothin')
And if you with me put your hands high (Yeah, put your hands high)
High, ayy (If you ever lost a life before, this one's for you)
And if you with me put your hands high (And you, the dreams are for you rockin' with the best)
High, ayy (And you, and you)
I'll be home soon

[Verse 1: Diddy with Kalenna Harper]
I hear the "Tears of a Clown"
, uh, I hate that song
I always feel like they're talkin' to me, when it comes on (Come on)
Another day, another dawn
Another Keisha, nice to meet ya, get the math, I'm gone
What am I 'posed to do when the club lights come on?
It's easy to be Puff but it's harder to be Sean (Come on)
What if my twins ask me why I ain't marry their mom? (Why?)
Damn, how do I respond?
What if my son stares with a face like my own
And says he wants to be like me when he's grown?
Shit! But I ain't finished growin'
Another night, the inevitable prolongs (Let's go)
Another day, another dawn (Come on)
Just tell Keisha and Teresa I'll be better in the morn' (I'll be better in the morn')
Another lie that I carry on
I need to get back to the place where I belong, come on (Yeah, let's go)

[Chorus: Skylar Grey with Dawn Richard & Kalenna Harper, Diddy]
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home 
(I'm comin' home)
Tell the world that I'm comin' home 
(Yeah)
Let the rain wash away
All the pain of yesterday 
(Ain't no more pain)
I know my kingdom awaits
And they've forgiven my mistakes 
(Thank you)
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home (I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home)
Tell the world that I'm comin' home (Yeah, ayo, check this out)

[Verse 2: Diddy, Kalenna Harper]
“A House Is Not a Home,” I hate this song
Is a house really a home when your loved ones is gone? (No)
And niggas got the nerve to blame you for it (Come on)
And you know you woulda took the bullet if you saw it (That's right)
But you felt it, and still feel it
And money can't make up for it or conceal it 
(Or conceal it)
But you deal with it (Deal with it)
And you keep ballin' (That's right)
Pour out some liquor, playboy, and we keep ballin' (Keep ballin')
Baby, we been livin' in sin
'Cause we been really in love, but we been livin' as friends (Yeah)
So you've been a guest in your own home (Come on)
It's time to make your house your home (Yeah)
Pick up your phone, come on (Pick up the phone)

[Chorus: Skylar Grey with Dawn Richard & Kalenna Harper, Diddy]
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home
Tell the world that I'm comin' home 
(I'm comin' home)
Let the rain wash away
All the pain of yesterday
I know my kingdom awaits
And they've forgiven my mistakes 
(Thank you)
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home (I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home)
Tell the world that I'm comin' home (I'm almost home, check this out, yeah)

[Verse 3: Diddy & Kalenna Harper, Kalenna Harper]
"Ain't No Stopping Us Now," 
I love that song
Whenever it comes on, it makes me 
feel strong
I thought I told y'all that we won't stop (We won't stop)
'Til we back cruisin' through Harlem, these old blocks (Yeah)
Is what made me (Uh huh), saved me, drove me crazy (Oh, oh)
Drove me away (Come on), then embraced me (Yeah, yeah), forgave me
For all of my shortcomings (Let's go) (Oh yeah), welcome to my homecomin' (Coming)
Yeah, it's 
been a long time comin'
Lot of fights, lot of scars, lot of bottles
Lot of cars, lot of ups, lot of downs
Made it back, lost my dog (I miss you, Big)
But here I stand (Come on) (Here I stand)
A better man (Don't stop) (A better man)
Thank you, Lord! (Thank you, Lord!)
Thank you all!

[Chorus: Skylar Grey with Dawn Richard & Kalenna Harper, Diddy, Kalenna Harper]
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home 
(Oh!)
Tell the world that I'm comin' home 
(I'm comin' home!)
Let the rain wash away 
(Feels so good!)
All the pain of yesterday 
(Feels so free!)
I know my kingdom awaits 
(Ain't no place like home, baby)
And they've forgiven my mistakes 
(Ain't no place like home!)
I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home (I'm comin' home!) (I'm comin' home, I'm comin' home)
Tell the world that I'm comin' home (Tell the world I'm comin' home)